(traffic noise, sirens)
(spirited pulsating music)
(spirited upbeat music)
♪ Yeah, I am the Astro-Creep ♪
♪ A demolition style hell
American freak, yeah ♪
♪ I am the crawling dead ♪
♪ A phantom in a box,
shadow in your head ♪
♪ Say, acid and suicide ♪
♪ Freedom of the blast,
read the lies, yeah ♪
♪ Scratch off the broken skin ♪
♪ Tear into my heart, make
me do it again, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, more human than human ♪
♪ More human than human ♪
(spirited upbeat
music continues)
♪ Yeah, I am the jigsaw man ♪
♪ I turn the world around
with a skeleton hand ♪
♪ Say, I am electric head ♪
♪ A cannibal core, a
television said, yeah ♪
♪ Do not victimize, but victim
of the psychoholic lies, yeah ♪
♪ Into a psychic war ♪
♪ I tear my soul apart, and
I eat it some more, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, more human than human ♪
♪ More human than human ♪
(spirited upbeat
music continues)
♪ Yeah, I am the ripper man ♪
♪ A locomotion mind, love
American style, yeah ♪
♪ I am the nexus one ♪
♪ I want more life,
I ain't done yet ♪
♪ More human than human ♪
(spirited upbeat
music continues)